what is Emmet ?
It is a tool which help to increaced productivety and faster coding

Difference between a Libraty and Framework ?
Libraries target a specific functionality, while a framework tries to provide everything required to develop a compelete application. The technical difference between a framework and library lies in a term called inversion of control.
When you use a library, you are in charge of the flow of the application. You are choosing when and where to call the library. When you use a framework, the framework is in charge of the flow. It provides some places for you to plug in your code, but it calls the code you plugged in as needed.

What is CDN and how do we use it ?(content delivery network)
These cdn improves efficieny.  it does help cache content at the network edge, which improves website performance. Many websites struggle to have their performance needs met by traditional hosting services, which is why they opt for CDNs.

Benefits of using cdn is:-
Improving website load times
reducing bandwidth cost
increase content availability and redundancy
improving website security

Why React is React ?

the name “React” was chosen because it is meant to help developers build user interfaces that are fast and responsive, or “reactive.” The library was designed to “react” to changes in data.
When data in a React application changes, the components that depend on that data are automatically updated, which allows for efficient and seamless updates to the user interface. The name “React” reflects this reactive nature of the library.

what is cross origin in script tag ?
The purpose of crossorigin attribute is used to share the resources from one domain to another domain. Basically, it is used to handle the CORS request. It is used to handle the CORS request that checks whether it is safe to allow for sharing the resources from other domains. The resources may include Audio, Video, Images, Link or external script that specifies whether to support a cross-origin request or not.
This attribute contains two values which are given below –
anonymous: It has a default value. It defines a CORS request which will be sent without passing the credential information.
use-credentials: A cross-origin request will be sent with credentials, cookies, and certificate.

    <script id="myGeeks" type="text/javascript" 
        src="my_script.js" crossorigin="anonymous"> 
    </script> 

what is the difference between React and ReactDom ?
React library is responsible for creating views and ReactDOM library is responsible to actually render UI in the browser

what is the difference between react development.js and react production.js
In production mode, compression and minification of Javascript and other resources happens to reduce size of the code which is not the case when it comes to development mode. 
Performance will be much faster in production mode when compared to development mode


